Face liveness detection is an advanced research topic nowadays due to its significant security applications in various fields. The spoofing problem is a threat to security of the face recognition systems and it can be minimized by detecting the face liveness. 
three types of such spoofing attacks have been used in the past, to varying degrees of success:
(i) still-image-based spoofing, 
(ii) video-based spoofing,
and (iii) 3D-mask-based spoofing. 
As the name suggests, still-image-based spoofing attacks present one or more still images of the user to the authentication camera; each
image is either printed on paper or shown with a digitized display. 
Video-based spoofing, on the other hand,presents a pre-recorded video of the victim’s moving face in an attempt to trick the system into falsely recognizing motion as an indication of liveness. 
The 3D-mask-based approach, wherein 3D-printed facial masks are used.

Installing Frida:

Pre-requisites: 
• Python
• pip3  
 
Step 1: Installing Frida on PC: 

Run the following command in PC: 
sudo pip3 install frida-tools 

Run the following command to know the version of Frida installed: 
frida --version 

Reference: https://www.frida.re/docs/installation/  
 
Step 2: Installing Frida on Test Device: 
1. Download the same version of Frida as that install in the PC from: https://github.com/frida/frida/releases  
2. Copy the downloaded file into /usr/sbin/ folder of test device. 
3. Ssh into the device and change the permission of the copied file using following command: 
chmod 775 <file_name> 
4. Run the following command to start Frida in test device: 
./frida-server 
5. To verify if Frida is configured properly, run the following command. This command will list the application currently running on the test device: 

frida-ps -Ua 
 
Step 3: Installing Objection on PC: 
Run the following command in PC: 
pip3 install objection 

To verify the objection is up running, run the following command: 
objection --version 
 
 
